{
  "type": "episodic",
  "content": "User asked: \"Provide a detailed overview of potential enhancements for the codebase in `/Users/justincornelius/Do...\"",
  "importance": 0.6,
  "connections": [],
  "timestamp": "2025-03-18T20:58:36.537Z",
  "relevance": 0.6,
  "id": "4cf2bba0-bc5a-406d-a650-954ce5de6cde"
}